Update documentation and miscellanous modification for release (#164)
nf-core/phaseimpute: docs/development.md

# Tips for development

## Channel management and combination

All channel need to be identified by a meta map. To follow which information is available the `meta` argument
is suffixed by a combination of the following capital letters:

- I : individual id
- P : panel id
- R : region used
- M : map used
- T : tool used
- G : reference genome used (is it needed ?)
- S : simulation (depth or genotype array)

> Therefore the following channel operation example contains in the meta map the panel id with the region and tool used:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Therefore, the following channel operation example includes a meta map containing the panel id with the region and tool used:
```
